- **RndNet_nSwap.py** - Generates a range of random networks (spanning over a defined range of number of swaps) for a given base network by swapping the type column of the topo file.
- **N_replace.py** - Generates networks with a defined number of network nodes being replaced by disconnected nodes, with the nodes chosen by random unique combinations.
- **racipe_run.py** - Simulates each topology file in triplicates with 100 initial conditions and 10000 parameter sets using multithreaded RACIPE and stores the output in separate directories created for each RACIPE run.
- **gknorm_multi.py** - Removes extra solution files generated by RACIPE. Names and g/k normalizes the solution, stores the output in the directories already created for each run. 
- **Correlation_multi.py** - Generates correlation matrices from the g/k normalized solution and stores them in the directory for each RACIPE run. Analyses the matrices and creates a csv file of correlation team strengths (CTS) of all networks, along with a text file of team compositions of all networks. 
- **inflCalc.py** - Generates influence matrices from the topology file and stores them in a directory InfMat. Analyses the matrices and creates a csv file of influence team strength (ITS) of all networks, along with a text file of team compositions of all networks.
- **tsCalc.py** - Hierarchically clusters the influence matrix of each topo file and stores its team composition in a directory TeamsCalc, along with a csv of compiled team strengths of all networks.
- **PCA.py** - Analyses g/k normalized solution files to create csvs of PC1 variance, PC2 variance, and Number of PCs to cover 90% variance.
- **artifical.py** - Generates artificial networks of different densities with team structure
